I know I'm late tonight. I had some things come up, but we're going to go ahead and pray.
I won't keep you very long, but there are some amazing things that happened in the news today.
Braden was telling me about all the things that went on and the emails that were given to us.
They said, 'Did you know this? Did you know that?'Folks, I'm telling you, the signs of the times are all around us.
I mean, you just have to have your head in the sand or whatever if you're not looking at the signs of the times or where we are right now.
Jesus Christ is coming, and you can see it if you have eyes to see, a heart to receive, and ears to hear, right?
If you are looking and waiting, anticipating. So exciting. Exciting. I was going to show you this, Braden. I forgot.
Maldonado sent this saying, 'Did you see this?'He wanted you to show the people. Let me show you.
He wanted to show his—he told me because I was telling him congratulations on the million souls and said, 'Congratulations on the million people getting born again.'But he said that's 14 million souls since he's been starting out.
Wow, 14 million salvations. Just in my mind to wrap around that is incredible.
I don't know how many Reinhard Bonnke got. But Reinhard Bonnke did a lot, but 14 million for anybody is a big number.
But I'm on a race. I want to say it. What a challenge, huh? Our ministry in the name of Jesus will bring in over 50 million in the next year or so.
Let's just say something big. I don't know. You don't want to limit God and say 50 million all together, but I want to say, hey, let's believe God for big.
Somebody said we got a hundred million souls. I think it was a church in Minnesota that said they had a hundred million souls.
And I was thinking, what? That's incredible. Is that right?
Maybe I'm quoting that wrong, but it was a huge number. And then there's Tampa.
Goodness gracious, Tampa, Braden. All right, I'm sorry. I don't follow his ministry that much.
I know that he was after a million-soul harvest, and he said, 'I'm going to reach...'Rodney Howard-Browne at The River, Rodney Howard-Browne was saying he was going to reach a hundred million people, or he's believing for a hundred million souls.
And I think, let's believe God for the big. I don't know how many Billy Graham got in his time, but, you know, if you could go back in all his meetings and add up every soul that was saved with Billy Graham, that'd be cool.
I'm sure they have a tally of it, but we need to look that up sometime to see how many people did Billy Graham's ministry lead to Jesus in that time frame.
Father, we just yield to you tonight, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Holy Spirit, have your way. I'm so thankful for your presence. I'm so thankful for your friendship, Father.
As we pray for the nations—excuse me, as we pray for the nations, as we pray for our president, as we pray for this nation, we thank you, Lord, that you lead us and you show us that which is to come.
We do this quickly tonight because we're already at a late hour.
But Father, I know that it's better late than never that we will pray as a prayer team, and we will lift up this nation.
We will lift up what we need to because we see the urgency. We have an urgency in this hour.
We have an urgency because there is an urgency in the atmosphere to prepare the way with prayer for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I plead the blood of Jesus, Father. And I thank you, Lord, for your angels that watch over us tonight.
We thank you, Lord, for your angels that watch over us and protect us.
And Father, I'm just going to go ahead and take communion. Let's take communion.
Let's not try to get out of the way. We've just got to step right in this river.
It's a mandate. We've got to pray fast. We've got a lot to do here, a lot of ground to cover in a short amount of time. So, Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that as we step over into this river, as we step over into the atmosphere, we thank you, Lord, that we line up with you, Holy Spirit, and you help us to pray.
We take this body in the name of Jesus, and we thank you, Father, for the blood.
We thank you, Father, for what you did for us on the cross, that by your stripes we're healed.
And we take this body in Jesus'name, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord. We take the blood. We apply the blood. We apply the blood, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
I thank you, Lord. Uninterrupted, like I said, and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, we yield to the anointing of the Holy Spirit.
We yield to the anointing of the watchmen. We yield to the anointing of the prophetic, and we thank you, Lord, that the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
And we yield ourselves over to you to pray. Pray through us, Holy Spirit, and help us in the name of Jesus.
And we take the blood right now. Thank you, Lord, for our sins are washed in the blood.
Amen and amen. All right. So, well, good evening, everybody.
I know I started that off different, but I wanted to make sure I catch a lot of you before you go to bed, and we can pray for things.
So, let's pray and let's intercede. President Trump showed up at the game tonight.
He went to the New York game, and everybody's talking about that.
A lot of the crowd is crazy in New York. They are booing him, and it was pretty wild.
But we're praying for him and his safety on his way out of there. But the Lord said nothing would happen already.
I already know in my spirit that there is a covering over him concerning this. And there's so much security already there.
And when we were praying about it, He said nothing is going to happen at the game. So, look at the security already at this game.
They've got more police officers going down the streets than they have in a parade.
And like I said, these people are covered. I say he actually did them a favor.
They don't even realize the security that they brought because the president of the United States of America is in that building.
Look at all the cops. It's like, we ain't doing nothing; there's a wall there.
But, you know, glory to God for our men and women who served our country to protect us.
Thank God. Look at their president right there. I didn't realize that was his motorcade.
Yeah, yeah, this part, this motorcade. All right, no wonder.
I was thinking, is that just security driving around there?
I was like, what is going on? That's his motorcade. Yeah, this is okay. Well, that makes sense. Yeah.
But this guy's talking about the security, and he's saying he has like all this stuff, and he was talking about—is your mic on?
Yeah, I know it is. So go ahead and play it. It's something you can watch real quick. It gives you something.
But it's interesting, all the things that are going on about this game tonight, game three.
Pretty interesting. President Trump was there, and it looked like somebody in the back—is that Ivanka?
I don't know. It might be Tiffany. Kai was there for sure. Kai, Tiffany, Barron, and Eric.
Who's the guy sitting next to him? I don't know. Interesting.
All right, next. Keep going. It's kind of boring. Yeah. All right, this is the big one, right?
A 6.1 earthquake hits Cuba, right outside of Cuba today. Shakes Florida, shakes Miami and Tampa. Shakes Tampa.
I don't know if it shook where Billy's at, because Billy Burke lives in the Tampa area and has ministry there, at least.
And wow, it went on the charts clear up into Alaska. It shook the charts.
So that's pretty substantial for the Caribbean. I mean, a 6.
I mean, I remember Haiti had one not too long ago that was pretty substantial.
But for that to happen right there, as the Lord said two broadcasts ago, he said a major shaking, signs in shaking.
These will be signs of major shaking. And Malibu's coming. Look at this.
Look where it shook the people's walls. It cracked the walls.
Yeah, this guy said it cracked his wall in Florida. Look at it, it split his house.
Pretty substantial damage for Florida. Yeah, this is in Florida.
It shook the house pretty big in Florida. Yeah, this guy's showing his water and stuff.
This whole water thing was shaking around, shaking his water, everything shaking.
Yeah, they don't have anything from Cuba because they didn't film it. Well, they didn't film in Cuba.
I don't know how much was shaking in Havana or whatever, but yeah, pretty amazing.
But I believe God's a God of the signs. And I'm telling you, Cuba is about to be liberated.
Cuba is about to have a major revival. And isn't this amazing that it would happen right outside?
As I told you, I saw temples falling. Thousand-year-old temples are about to fall.
The Vatican is going to shake. The Temple Mount with the Dome of the Rock.
Malibu, the Lord said he's shaking California. He's going to shake, and now he's shaking Cuba.
And the Lord already told us a major revival is about to happen in Cuba. A major shaking to awaken is coming to Cuba.
And I believe the signs in the earth—the earth is in travail as labor pains, labor pains.
Jesus is coming and we're seeing the signs of the times in the earth. The earth is shaking.
It's rocking and reeling like a drunkard, the Bible said it would do.
So here we are seeing it shake right outside. Where is this one, baby?
It's like outside of Russia, by what is it, Alaska. So we had a major earthquake right outside Russia, Alaska.
We have volcanoes going off. We have major shakings in Japan.
We have shakings in the Philippines. There's shakings going on everywhere.
Greece, Greece 5.2. 5.2 in Greece. We know what the Lord said about Italy.
We know what the Lord said is coming and we're seeing it right outside Cuba today.
And I said that's not coincidence. That's not coincidence.
So everybody else, well, 'I believe that's coincidence.'Well, your head is in the sand.
This isn't coincidence. These are signs. This is birthing pains. I'm telling you, a major revival is coming to Cuba.
A major outpouring of the spirit of the Lord is coming to the Latino community.
And I'm telling you, we're about to see signs and wonders like we've never seen before.
And so, I'm excited about it because I believe we're right on the cusp of this.
This is about to happen and we're going to see it sooner than we think, and then, y'all, it's going to happen in the middle of the night.
The Lord said pray about the middle of the night. It will happen in the middle of the night.
Okay. So, I want you to look at this now. What is all this? You're going really fast.
No, I'm trying to find it. Yeah, that was it. That was it. That was good.
Okay. Yeah. And then you had, I don't know which one you go for.
You pick, baby. You have North Korea and you have King Charles. Okay. King Charles and Zelensky had a meeting today.
Now, he went on with the prime minister of England, and so he waited over the next day after staying midnight with Germany and with France and so on.
So now he had a meeting today with the king. Wouldn't you like to be a fly on the wall in there? What is being said about this? Are they asking for peace?
Are they asking for peace or are they going to help arm them to create, what are they asking, Braden? What do they say there?
'As always, a good audience with the king of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
I thank His Majesty, the people, and the entire United Kingdom for their ironclad support for our people, the royal family.'So, I'm sure it's about supporting them for war, yes, not backing down, but saying, 'Listen, we're going to take the land.'World War III.
So, I'm curious if this will escalate or deescalate because I've seen both sides praying for peace with the lavender, and I saw the lavender, and I saw the people of Russia praying and the Ukrainian people praying with the lavender, and then I saw World War II above this, and I saw Apollyon coming up out of the pit and spinning like a top and went over and started to influence Putin in the days.
I saw him influencing his mind. Apollyon came out of the pit and spun like a top and it looked like the Tasmanian devil and it went right over and was influencing Putin.
So, we'll see. I think this is interesting. Where are we in prayer?
Where are we with the signs of the times? Last night, I felt very bothered in my spirit.
You know, I don't want to say bothered, I felt an urgency to pray, that's a better word to use, concerning the meeting that they had with Germany. And people said they didn't sacrifice nobody.
Y'all, I said I saw demonic things in a vision concerning Germany, concerning Berlin and the Pergamon altar, concerning trying to bring forth that Hitler spirit for World War II.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood. That's the bottom line you all need to know.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but we wrestle against principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness in high places.
That's what we're dealing with. We're not dealing with Prince Charles, King Charles, and Zelensky.
We're dealing with the devils that manifest through them. We wrestle not against the people.
We wrestle against the devils they yield to. Principalities work through personalities.
So they're working through the personalities of these men to bring forth war. War, war is what I heard.
To bring forth the Mahdi, to bring forth social credit, to bring forth digital ID and all the things that are coming for the beast system. Why?
Because I said the devil himself, I saw him in meetings talking to bankers, especially a man named George that was part of the Holocaust and all that back then, I believe, is what it was.
He was, I believe he was a Jew, was he not? I probably shouldn't, but George, and this is an acceleration of things because I saw these big businessmen had influence because the devil was pushing them.
They yielded themselves over to him. And so it's the same with Bill and some of these others.
They've yielded themselves over to the devil, and the devil manifests through personalities.
So that's what we're seeing, and we're seeing war, war, war and all the things going on right now. President Trump gave, go ahead, keep going this way.
'Trump says he warned Netanyahu Israel could be left alone if they escalate Iran fight, claiming US got last-minute notice of strikes.'So they strike him and all this, and so Trump's ticked off and is saying, 'We'll leave you.
We're just going to abandon you.'When I heard the great betrayal was coming, do you remember that?
I heard a great betrayal was coming. I would not think it was with Trump, but we saw, we heard they would call this a great betrayal.
There's something that the Lord showed us about this. Now, is it concerning Trump? I don't know.
We know in part, we see in part whenever I believe what the Lord is warning me about the future.
When it comes to Ezekiel 38 and 39, where is America during this time frame? Where is America in Ezekiel 38 and 39?
But Trump is basically saying, 'We're going to abandon you if you keep going after Iran.
Warning, Bibi, Israel might fight Iran alone. Be very careful.
You might soon be left alone against Iran.'So Trump's saying things which is pretty wild.
So IRGC launches a major attack on US bases in Iraq. The Islamic Republic of Iran has broken the ceasefire.
And I said, "What?"This is when we are praying for Iraq's bases.
Pray for Kuwait. Pray for our battleships, the Lincoln and so on.
Praying for our troops. Pray for our men and women of service.
Pray protection around them and the military bases around the area.
We've been praying for that for a while now. Okay. Next. Yeah, this is it.
So, I saw again as I was praying for our pastors, Pastor Chip Brim and Candace Brim, and Billy Brim is over there right now as we speak.
And the WWPs, they're taking an Israel tour and they're looking at everything and having a fun time.
But I don't believe they're there just for a tour. I believe they're by divine assignment.
When I was praying over, I thought, "You know, because some people said, 'Brandon, why aren't you going to go?
You should go to Israel with them, that'd be a really good time.'I said, 'No, I don't feel a peace about that.'"But, you know, Brandon doesn't go a lot of places.
I'll be real with y'all, Brandon kind of stays... If I go to a Billy Burke meeting, that's about the highlight of my excursions.
I don't go a lot of places. I'm kind of a hermit. I'm pretty much a hermit crab.
I don't travel and I just don't go a lot of places. But if Billy Burke's around, I'll go to Billy Burke.
I like to go to that. But I want you to look at this. You see the IRGC and all what's going on.
This one's the Houthis. This is the Houthis. Yeah. Well, you can't tell, it's all dark.
Yeah, the first one you're looking at was that this is the Houthis.
Okay. So, we see what's going on with all this and we know what's coming.
I saw a major chemical weapons attack against Israel from Syria, coming out of Damascus in the days ahead.
I saw it was chemical. It looked like mustard gas and it was in 50-gallon drums. But I saw a divine assignment with the WWPs.
Like Sister Billy, you got some of the greatest prayer warriors this generation has known.
I'm going to be real with you, of any generation, those people know how to pray.
They pray on another level. And Sister Lyn and all them, I mean, they pray on another level.
And what a time to go over there! In my natural mind, I'm thinking that's nuts. But they know that they're led by the Holy Spirit.
And so, you don't go by what the natural mind thinks; you go by what your spirit's telling you, what the Holy Spirit is telling you to do.
And so they're going over there, interceding and praying. I guarantee you.
I know Pastor Candace. She's a prayer warrior, and so is Sister Billy and them.
I don't know if Max is with them or not, but he probably is. But here we are.
You got some great prayer warriors over there, and I believe that they can stop things.
I saw an attack worse than October 7th. I believe during that timeframe, the Lord said this would be worse.
Did you see what happened in the night? I saw it happen in the night, so I believe something major is about to happen.
All right. Go ahead. Okay. You want to go to this one? Okay. China goes to North Korea for the first time in seven years.
That's kind of interesting. So, they're there and he's hanging out with Kim Jong-un.
He's so excited. There he is,. He's excited, clapping his hands.
"We're going to have a party for you."I didn't know he was married.
Xi? Is that Kim's sister? Oh, yeah. I think that's Kim Jong-un's sister.
Is it his daughter? I don't know. Oh, is that his daughter? No, I don't think so.
It's his wife, they're saying. Oh, is it his wife? That's his wife.
Okay. Wow. I wonder if those are his kids. You never see very much of his family.
That's why I didn't know. So, there it is. So, what's going to go on with that meeting, man?
The world's busy right now, isn't it? The world is busy. Xi is there.
Let's see what happens next. Yeah. Keep going. Okay. Yep. And then, I believe...
yeah, and then you had Nick Shirley and all that. Yeah, I know.
The Nick Shirley thing is pretty interesting. Now, when we talked about the voter fraud...
now, we can't... this is X, so I think we're safe. He didn't put this on YouTube, right? Yeah. No, I don't think so.
When we talked about the voter fraud, I want you to hear because I said I saw voter fraud in California. Now, I think this is interesting. Go ahead and play this.
I said, "Watch what happens when your cousin starts voting and your dogs start voting in California.
What's going on with all that?"So, Nick Shirley is in California exposing the fraud.
And we'll play this little one-minute clip here, and I want you to hear what's being said. Go ahead.
"So, how old is this person who's eligible to vote here inside the United States, inside the state of California?""126, based on the Secretary of State, and this is Doris.""Yeah.
And now we're going to go see if Doris is home.""Are you Doris?""She's right here. Yes. Hello, Doris.""Yes.
How are you doing?""I'm good.""We're just going through the voting roles here and we're just confirming anybody who's above the age of 100 years old.
And right here, it says you're 126 years old.""No, you got the wrong house.""Are you Doris?""Yeah, but you got the wrong house.""I'm Doris, but you got the wrong place.
That's the wrong information. All that stuff. No. No. Uh-uh.
That's wrong.""Oh, here I can show you if you'd like.""No. Uh-uh.
It's just that it's wrong.""How come you think here in California they're just messing up on all these voting roles here?""I don't know, because I don't know what you're talking about.""Yeah, it says you voted in 51 elections, Doris.""No, not me.""Really?""I'm not 100 years old.""I know.
I just want to make sure you're not 126 years old.""No, I'm not.""Yeah, it really does say you're 126 years old here."You can turn it off.
They get the point. Something's going on. Why are you in the register?
I don't know, maybe it was her mother. Yeah, maybe it was her mother. Maybe she's Doris, too.
I mean, he should have asked that, "Was your mother Doris?"Oh, yeah.
You know, he could have said something like that, but he didn't, because it could have been, "Is your mother here?"because that lady is definitely not 126 years old.
So, something's funny about it. Okay, go on. Okay, and then we had...
I don't know when this was, but yeah, he was screaming, yelling.
Okay, so Mayor Mamdani is acting crazy and he's yelling at the cop.
This is the mayor of New York. "How many more? How many? You're so professional, brother."That is...
the guy's crazy. I mean, the guy is nuts. Wow. I'm so glad you're our mayor in New York.
That is... you're professional. All right, let's go next. Okay. Yeah, and you had this and the Taiwan water.
And then you had that, and then the Clarity Act passed committee. The floor is next.
"We did not come this far to quit at the five-yard line."Clarity Act passed committee.
What committee? I don't know. She was saying it passed the committee, so the floor is next.
Yeah. So, they're going to take it before everybody. Is that correct? Yeah, the floor is next.
"We did not come this far to quit at the five-yard line."Interesting.
When did that happen, baby? Today. Today? I think it was last night.
No. Yeah, June 7th. So, it happened in the middle of the night.
Yeah. So, we knew about the passing on the committee, right?
That was what happened a couple of weeks ago and they had the vote and they passed it.
Okay. Yeah. Okay. So, the floor is next. So, when do they vote on the floor? Because we're praying about a distraction.
The Lord said, "Watch about the 14th."This is President Trump's birthday.
no kings rallies praying over our... We're going to have to make this quick.
It's already 30 minutes. Okay. Now, this is the most important thing I want you to see.
Really important right here. Okay. Watch this right here. Note that.
Now, this is what we're praying over. And this is interesting. Now, watch this.
This is going to be like 78 Super Bowls, both from the security perimeter, also from a counter UAS perspective.
So, last year, five events in the United States of America had counter drone measures.
All 78 matches, including a fanfest in every single city, will have that.
We want to make sure more than anything this is going to be safe and secure.
This is going to be like 78 Super Bowls, both from the security perimeter, also from a counter UAS.
Drones, baby. This is it, right? Yeah, but you didn't... He didn't say nothing about the drones.
Do you not remember? He said we got drone technology and all that.
Might have been. It might have been his one. I don't know. I don't think you gave me that one, though.
No. You gave it to me and you said, "Hey, daddy, look at that one."Yeah.
Well, whatever. It's fine. Don't worry about it. If it's not there, it's not there. It's cool. We can move on. Okay.
Well, whatever they say, the man is warning everybody that it's basically the equivalent of 78 Super Bowls.
We're talking major, major gatherings of people and so on. So, they have more security like a Super Bowl.
And we know what they do for a Super Bowl. They have F-16s. They have all kinds of helicopters.
It's amazing. The bomb squads, everybody's there. And so we know what the Lord has warned us to pray for this event: for the subways.
It's not about the building per se. It's about the extremities outside of it—Boston, these other areas. Does that make sense?
That's what we were praying for: praying for mass transit, praying for buses, praying for subways, the waterways, praying for the trash.
I saw a trash truck. Now, do you deliver? I'm not from New York.
I don't know, I've never been to New York, but I saw trash on boats in the river. Looked like Hefty bags.
Now, I don't know what this was, but it looked like to me some kind of a decoy floating down either the Hudson or the other one, right?
The East River. East River, yeah. They had trash on these boats.
They looked like flat dollies, you know, like a boat, like a barge.
But there was trash, like bags, like Hefty bags on this barge.
And they were hiding these weapons in these trash bags last night when we were praying.
Now, I don't know what that was, but I'm still trying to figure it out.
Why would you hide trash? Why would you be in the trash? What was going on with that?
But I saw them shooting off makeshift weapons into the city from the river.
And the Lord said, "Pray over mass transit. Pray over the rivers.
Pray over the buildings already in the city—not for the game, but for what they're doing right now before the game, getting ready for it in like rooms for explosive devices."And I keep praying over the 41st floor.
Now, I don't know if this is symbolic or whatever—I see in part, hear in part—but I know that the Lord is telling me, "Pray over these buildings.
Pray over the communication for a jamming of 911 and trying to get help.
Pray over the communication lines."We were praying over...
Boston, yeah. Madison? No, Boston. Boston is where the Red Sox... MetLife. No, not MetLife.
Honey, if you keep saying stuff, I can't ask them in the comment section.
Praying over Boston. Pray Fenway. Praying over Fenway Park in Boston.
Praying over this. It's very important. I kept hearing names, praying over these, praying over Boston.
It's not just about New York. This is a Red Dawn experience. A major disruption, praying over our nation from coast to coast.
I was even praying again last night over Hawaii—Gucci store, praying over the mall.
Three men in the mall, praying over mass shootings massive shootings, praying over the mall in Hawaii where they have a Gucci store, a Louis Vuitton, all these nice, nice stores, praying over an event with three men in Hawaii.
I saw it again last night, and this is the third time now I've seen this, praying over Hawaii.
And then I saw burning of churches. I saw churches burning in Canada, Toronto, all the way to British Columbia.
I saw major churches burning, Catholic buildings, major churches, old buildings on fire.
And I saw a poking of the giant. And I saw churches burning in America. Churches burning.
And it was Muslim people that were burning the churches—men with the white beanies on their heads with beards, and I saw them with white outfits on, and they were burning the churches.
And I saw a rising up of the body of Christ upset about this because the churches were being burned, and they were old, old churches.
Some of their pastors were in danger. And so... okay, next, was there anything else, baby?
I saw last... We got to move on. Oh, and then you saw the burning, New York.
The green shirt. Yeah, burning with a green shirt. Now, I don't know what the green shirt represented.
Braden was looking that up. I saw green uniforms concerning the soccer game.
I saw green shirts on the people. Now, what are green shirts?
I don't know. It looked like some kind of white on them. It looked like some kind of color.
Now, it was a green shirt—vibrant green, looked like a jersey—praying over that.
What else? Anything else, son? I don't believe so. I don't know what MetLife was.
You saw MetLife? I saw MetLife. You saw the pyramid, and it was attacking the food...
Oh, I saw the triangle of stability for humans. Yes, it was a pyramid of life.
It was a pyramid of needs. Yeah, the Lord called it a pyramid of needs.
And I saw the basic needs. And the Lord... Braden looked this up, and it was the bottom tiers.
He said they're trying to bring in fear to control the masses with the food, water, warmth, rest.
This is one of the basic needs: security, safety. And I saw security and safety being challenged with your food. And the bottom tiers... church was the next one.
Intimate relationships with the Lord, friends, going to church, burning of your churches, burning of your buildings, burning.
And I saw a rising up of people attacking this to get people to listen to alternative...
not listen to alternative media, but go back to the basics of ABC, NBC, CBS because there's so much fake news. People are turning them off.
They're not listening, and they're trying to get a stronghold of fear to get you to start watching over there more.
They're wanting to make more credibility. "Hey, we're over here again,"because they're losing their grip.
So, I saw an attack against alternative media like Joe Rogan's and people like that, that they'll try to silence them in the days ahead more and more, trying to silence alternative media.
People like us saying, "Hey, this is what the Lord's showing us."You know what I'm saying?
The louder you get, the more influence you have, the more of a danger to their credibility, because they don't want that.
And I saw, because people like President Trump are saying, "You're a liar.
You're fake news. You're an idiot,"all these things, because people start listening.
They're going, "Yeah, they really are dumb. These people are liars. They are not truthful.
They're not right."And so then they start listening to people that are not.
So I saw an attack against Elon Musk's X, I saw an attack against things, but it's about this pyramid. And the Lord said, "What?
They'll attack your food, with water, with what's going on with your weather, weather manipulation, the screwworms, the ticks, all these things, Lyme disease, tick disease, all this thing going on."And then security and safety.
And I saw even Mickey Mouse was in trouble. And I saw disruptions in Orlando where people are not feeling safe to travel.
They don't want to go anywhere and are too scared to want to go anywhere. 'Yeah, you know, I'm not going on vacation this year.
We don't want to travel.'And then I saw a disruption, a new ground zero, a new 9/11.
Keep praying into this. And the Lord said, 'Pray over President Trump's birthday.
Pray over rioting.'And I saw burning of buildings. It looked like it was when COVID and all that was going on.
The way they're burning, they're rioting, they're plundering, stealing.
All right. Next. Yeah. And he told you to pray over the Senate. Yes.
Pray over the Senate, the House, and the elections coming up.
Too big to rig. Just fair elections, you know, fair elections.
Braden brought this map out of all these states where Senate seats are up, and house and governor races.
It's a major election coming in the next five months. We have June, July, August, September, October.
That's it. First of November. It's not six months because it's not the whole month of November.
So it's basically five months, not even that—four and a half months after this week until our next election, a major election.
It's coming quick. November will be here before we know it. It's the first week of November.
So we've got to start praying, you know. So that's what... Ready?
So it was good. You sure? Anything else? No, I don't. Yeah. And then you saw as this is happening over here at both shores...
What was it? Remember you were talking into the microphone.
'Oh, I saw that they would try to hit at two places at once. I saw Israel under attack and America.
There are secret cells of people in America, and I saw them trying to come against Israel at the same time.
There was a biological attack trying to come against Israel in the days ahead with chemical weapons.
Now, I don't know how many people you can spray with chemical weapons or how that works.
I don't know military stuff, but it looked like a significant amount of people trying to be in harm's way because of this.
How do you implement that? How, with sprayers? I mean, how do you do that?
I don't know—drones, rockets. I mean, how do they load those?
How do you make a payload of mustard gas or some kind of chemical?'So good. Yeah.
So there was a lot of things the Lord showed us last night and I thought it was important, you know, as we pray here for a little bit tonight, just going over things, praying over it.
I believe the game is over. I'm sure it is now. So, President Trump's probably on his way back to the White House, right?
Yep, it's over. So, Father, we just thank you, Lord, for your divine protection.
We already took communion at the beginning of this, so take communion on your own.
We already took communion. Father, we're so grateful for this time.
We're so thankful, Father, that nothing happened tonight with the president at the Garden.
Just like you said, Father. You said, 'Father, don't worry about that one.
We're not praying around this. This is safe.'I felt safe about this.
And then you said, 'Pray over the 14th for rioting and the craziness over this nation.'So, Father, we lift up the next couple of days.
It's not very far. The 14th is just Sunday. And we thank you, Lord, as we are entered into Monday.
Father, we're about ready to enter into Tuesday. Father, we're so thankful, Father, for this King's protest for the 250th...
is that it? Yeah, 14th. Yeah, the 14th. I just want to be led by the Spirit.
We can pray about all this stuff, but I want to hit the pinpoint target.
Thank you, Father, for the shaking. Thank you, Father, for shaking Cuba today. Thank you, Lord.
Lord, I don't know if anybody was injured or hurt, but God, I thank you, Lord, for the shaking.
It's a sign. A sign. Signs are coming. Signs in Malibu, signs of the times.
Signs, we thank you for the signs. Thank you, Jesus, for the signs that you wake up the people.
You wake them up in Ireland. You wake them up in France. You wake them up in Germany.
You wake them up in the Middle East, in Africa, South America, America, California.
We call for a major wakeup call, that it's not time to go to sleep and be church as usual. It's time to be church unusual.
It's time for the bride and the body of Christ to wake up out of their sleep and know that Jesus Christ is coming.
And we thank you, Lord, that you do whatever it takes to get it done. The gloves are off, Lord. It's time.
It's time that we don't hold back, but it's time for the church to be louder than it's ever been before as we see the birthing pains are getting more frequent every single day.
The earthquakes, the divers places, the things that are going on, wars or rumors of wars, plagues, things that are happening.
Father, the earthquake is happening. The shaking is happening all around us. Are you awake?
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that the people will wake up just like they did on 9/11, just like they did in Oklahoma City, just like they did every single time.
Every single time we've had a major event take place in this nation.
Wake the church up, Lord. Whatever it takes to wake the church up.
Wake the people up. Lord, there are so many people that are asleep.
You're asking, 'Do they believe where we are?'They don't know.
They're just walking into walls, it seems like. But Father, I thank you, Lord, that they come to themselves. They come to themselves, they snap out of it.
That our sons, our daughters, our loved ones that are far away and don't realize how it was in the days of Noah—so will it be when the Son of Man returns, and all the rain is about to start falling on our foreheads.
And they don't even realize that the flood is coming. But it's not a flood like it was with water, because you said you would never do it again.
But this time, it will be with fire. This time, it's going to be with a great tribulation before.
And we believe, we believe, Lord, that we are the generation that will not taste death.
That we will be the generation that sees the Son of Man coming in the clouds.
That we'll be the generation that sees the rapture of the church.
That, Father, we're seeing the closing of this thing. And it's all around us. I thank you, Lord, for the people who are awake tonight.
For the people who are awake and they have that alarm bell going off on the inside of them, and they feel that great shaking on the inside of them, and they have an urgency for the coming of the Lord is at hand.
Lord, as we see the signs of the times get more acceleration, acceleration, acceleration, acceleration, we thank you, Lord, that we're in the cleft of the rock.
You're hiding us in the cleft of the rock, and that the death angel passes by our house.
We will not be in the place of destruction, but we're always in the right place at the right time doing what you've called us to do.
That no weapon formed against us will prosper. Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us because, Father, we're your remnant.
We're the obedient. We're underneath that shelter of the Most High.
And we pray over our law enforcement tonight, over our FBI, Homeland Security, CIA, our local sheriff's department and law enforcement, our NSA, all of them.
Father, we pray over every event, over every person who has dedicated their life to protect and serve and to watch over the American citizens.
We pray a supernatural hedge over our Secret Service, over President Trump.
We thank you, Lord, that he's always in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you called him to do.
He takes no counsel from the ungodly. He's led, filled, and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
I thank you, Lord, that JD Vance and Marco Rubio are all protected. We thank you, Lord, for their wives.
We thank you, Lord, for Don Jr., Eric, Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron, Kai, all the grandkids.
Father, we thank you, Lord. The blood of Jesus Christ covers the grandkids, and it covers the family.
No weapon formed against them would prosper. We pray over Kai's mother.
She got diagnosed with breast cancer. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you save her.
She has five children. And Father, I ask you, Father, right now, a supernatural miracle to come to her body.
And Father, in the middle of the night, that you would appear to her and that she would have a visitation from you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's no one too far gone, no one that doesn't know you enough.
Father, it's the goodness of God that brings man to repentance or women to repentance.
It's the goodness of God. And we thank you, Lord, that your goodness passes by her house tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that the goodness of God passes by her house tonight.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over her right now in the name of Jesus.
I don't even know her name, but my wife told me that she had cancer in the breast.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that your healing power touches that woman in the name of Jesus.
And those five children, five kids have a mother. You spare her life, Lord. Let her know you as Jesus the healer.
Appear before her tonight, Lord, and show her how good you are and that revival would start even more in that family. It's the goodness of God.
I ask for every single person who's believing for healings tonight, for cancers, for prostate cancers, for diabetes, for all kinds of things.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're no respecter of persons.
That what you do for one, you'll do for another. I call healing and wholeness and wellness over their bodies.
This is interesting. I heard "parasites."Someone is dealing with intestinal parasites.
I call your intestines healed and whole, and with this, your stomach.
There's something going on with your stomach and with parasites.
It's causing even like GERD and acid reflux, like a leaky gut.
It's something going on with your stomach and with your intestines.
But I see a parasite like a worm, healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for your divine healing.
We thank you, Lord, for touching them right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for my friend Billy Burke. You give him strength.
You give him strength tonight, God. He needs to have rest. I call rest over his body.
I call rest over him that he be able to do more meetings and be strong. That you give him strength like Moses.
That his youth is renewed like the eagles, and that, God, you give him strength tonight in the name of Jesus.
And he finishes strong. Same with Billy Brim, these elders. Father, I thank you, Lord.
John Kilpatrick, I pray a supernatural anointing on their flesh.
John Hagee, I pray a supernatural anointing on their flesh.
Andrew Wommack, Father, I thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
Healed and whole and well over Perry Stone and his blood sugar and over him.
We call healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus, and over their wives.
We bless the elders. We bless these people that are older. We thank you, Lord, that you give them strength to finish strong.
All around the world, we call revival. We cause a shaking to awaken souls, and more so, a major outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord like we've never seen before.
We call this thing to kick off in the name of Jesus, and we see it sooner than later.
We're calling for the rain. Lord, I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I see you, Paul. You feel a warmth on your thyroid right now. God is restoring back the thyroid right now.
There is an anointing on this. I see it. It's very strong, a very clear vision.
The thyroid is being healed, and you feel warmth on your thyroid right now.
And God is healing you even of Hashimoto's right now. You're being touched by the power of God.
There is a glory and a manifestation of the anointing on your body right now.
This is a very strong, very clear vision. Glory to God. Hallelujah.
Healed and whole and well from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. It's a regulation even with, I see, D3, concerning those with D3.
That's interesting. I see D3, and it's over here to the side of the thyroid. D3, or D3 levels, D3. That's interesting. Yeah, the D I see.
It's interesting because the D3 is the sun coming out of this, and I see fire.
It's like flames of light coming out. I see a thyroid, and I see D3.
It's in mathematical letters, the way it looks, like a mathematical equation.
It's up above the thyroid, and I see this. That is interesting.
It has a D3, and it's highlighted above the thyroid, and now the D3 is being absorbed into the thyroid. The D3 is being absorbed.
I see like a dam, like the wall of the D3 broke, and it went in, and it looked like a river of liquid went into the thyroid.
It's an infusion. The Lord says, "An infusion of D3 into your thyroid."What is that?
I see it. The dam of the D3 broke and went into this thyroid, and it's warmth.
That's interesting, huh? I see it very clear. Then the Lord said, "Many are not getting enough D3.
Their levels are low."That's what he said. "Hormones. Hormones, hormones, hormones."So ask your doctor about that.
Go to the doctor. Check your levels of your D3. There's something about that.
I see it very clear. But there's an infusion, an infusion like you get an IV infusion.
Like an infusion, I hear infusion. You'll get it, and they'll be completely normal.
The levels will be good. An infusion. An infusion. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. I just tell you what I see in a vision, and I think it's interesting.
I think the Lord is neat because he paints pictures for me, and I see them in a thing.
He says, "Say this,"then I just say what he says. I see it so clear. It looks like a liquid, like a liquid.
You know, like whenever you see a sunset across the ocean and you can see the pink on the water, that's the way the D3 looked.
It was in ripples on the water, like sun on the water, a reflection, and it was in the D3.
And it was a reflection. I can see the light. Woo! I feel the anointing of the Holy Spirit real strong right there when I said that.
That was neat. Thank you, Lord, for touching their thyroids tonight.
Hallelujah. Well, if that was you, email us and let us know. Knee replacements, cartilage, knees, and your knees.
I see joints in your knees. When it comes to a knee replacement, the bone is grinding on bone.
The mess-up on your knee, there's a replacement coming by the Spirit. Healing over the knees. Healing over the knees.
I see a very clear vision concerning cartilage in your knee, a restoration.
It's the meniscus. A meniscus. I hear meniscus cartilages in and by the meniscus.
They show a tear in your meniscus. A tear in your meniscus healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We call this meniscus healed and whole and well. Now, if I messed that up, I did the best I could with it.
I hear it, and to say it's your meniscus tear, a meniscus, the Lord touches you.
Did the doctor say you have to have surgery? The Lord wants to touch you right now where you're sitting.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father, that you're the God of more than enough.
Hip ball replacement. It's with your hip and the ball of your hip. I see your hip, and I see a ball. It's a joint.
It looks like a ball in a hip, the socket where your sciatic is, right by where the joint of your leg is.
There's a bone there, and it looks almost like it's covered in cartilage right here.
There's something going on. Sciatic nerves. I hear the Lord say your sciatic nerve is being healed right now.
A sciatic nerve in your leg. This is a very clear vision. I hear it's by the ball.
There's a ball right there, and the Lord said, 'I'm touching that right now.'It's where the hip and the leg move; it's a joint.
I hear 'sciatic nerves.'And that's interesting. Rotator cuff.
It's with the shoulder, and the Lord said, 'I'm healing and restoring the rotators.'There's a tear in the joint, a tear in your tendons.
It's being restored. It's been very painful. It's almost like even to move is excruciating.
And you try to raise your hand above your head; you can't. You try to raise your arm out to the side; you can't.
It hurts so bad. That's what I hear the Lord say. He's restoring the tendons in your shoulder.
The Lord said He's touched it so far, but it's your completion time.
There's been a wave of healing, but He said it's time for completion.
Osteoporosis. Strength in your bones. I hear your bones are brittle.
The Lord says He's touching you and giving you strength in your bones.
You have deterioration of the bones, and they're brittle. The Lord said He's touching your bones.
There's something going on with your calcium. It's in your legs, and they're easy to break.
I see your bones are strengthening right now. Wow. Isn't Jesus so wonderful?
There's something going on with your bones. Thank you, Lord.
I see it very clearly. strength in the name of Jesus. Lord, we thank you.
Drink more water. You're as dry as bones. A merry heart does good like a medicine.
Happy. The Lord wants to bring joy back into your home. The Lord said, 'This is symbolic.'What does this mean?
Look at the scripture. A merry heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
He's talking about this being symbolic. It's because of what's going on with you mentally and naturally.
This is an issue of the spirit. A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
Do you hear that? It's time to bring joy back into your house.
A crushed spirit dries up the bones. We release it in the name of Jesus. This is symbolic.
It's something happening in the spirit that's manifesting in your natural flesh.
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
It's time to get happy. The Lord said the manifestation is happening on your bones.
Isn't that interesting, son? Thank you, Lord. We just have joy unspeakable and full of glory.
Thank you, Jesus. Yeah, it's time to get happy. Put on a funny movie.
Maybe Laurel and Hardy or something. I don't know what you like to watch, maybe the Three Stooges.
Something funny. You've got to laugh, lady. Whatever's drying your bones, flip it.
Start laughing at the devil. Laugh. A merry heart does good like a medicine.
It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been told.
I found the pleasure I once craved. It is joy and peace within.
What a wondrous blessing. I am saved from the awful gulf of sin.
Isn't that wonderful, Braden? I feel the anointing all over that.
Thank you, Lord. Go tell them to turn that music down, honey.
If that's us, I don't know, it's loud. Yes, it's joy unspeakable and full of glory.
There's something about His name. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, we lift up the name.
We call forth healing, wholeness, and wellness tonight. It's interesting how some nights He'll do that, B.
I always just follow His leading. I feel the fire come all over me. Yes.
It's just interesting to me because there are people that have been dealing with stuff for so long, and He says it's done.
There's an expiration date. Act out in faith. Say, 'I receive it.
I receive my bones strong. I receive my hips. I receive my shoulder.
I receive my parasites gone.'I take authority over these parasites and tell them to go.
Leaky gut, acid reflux, all these things. Father, I thank you, Lord.
Healed, whole, and well in the name of Jesus. Thyroid being healed and IV fluid infusions.
It's just amazing to me. He is a supernatural God doing supernatural things if you just believe Him for it.
I believe with you that tonight is your night for your breakthrough.
Whatever you have and need in your body, tonight is the night of restoration of all things.
Thank you, Lord. I appreciate it. Hallelujah, for the Lord God Almighty reigns.
Holy, holy are You, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the Lamb. You are holy. There are things that have seemed so stubborn in your life.
He said, 'I'm bringing breakthrough concerning these things.'It seems like it's just held on, and it seems to be something that's so stubborn.
Some may be poverty. Some may be lack. Some may be, it has to do with your flesh.
It deals with, like, you know, addictions. It's been like a stronghold.
But the Lord said, 'I'm bringing freedom from the stronghold.'Freedom from the stronghold that has been holding you down.
Freedom from strongholds, from addictions, from pornography, to alcohol, to tobacco, to so many things that have been a vice.
And you say, 'I just seem to not be able to get free from this eating disorder.'Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Someone's struggling with your sleep. You've dealt with insomnia.
You're dealing with insomnia. You've dealt with it for so long.
Torment in your sleep. Insomnia. Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
For the Lord God Almighty reigns. Hallelujah. Holy. Holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb. Worthy is the Lamb. You are holy. Holy. The wave.
I feel it hit me. Holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the Lamb.
Worthy is the Lamb. You are holy. Holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb. Worthy is the Lamb. You are holy. Holy. Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord. It came with that. It came with it. It's like a wave.
It set you free. Jesus set you free. You know when water, the river, will move things.
I've told you the prayer river will move things that have been stuck, things that seem to be in the way, that there's no breakthrough, it seems like forever and ever.
But when you get in that Holy Ghost flow, and out of your belly will flow rivers of water.
It picks up those things and moves them out of your way. You can't do it in the natural, and you can't do it just with one drop.
But as the rain begins to fall and praises go before Him, the river will flow and move those obstacles out of your life.
It will pick up the biggest boulders. It will pick up the biggest burdens and it removes them, and it seems like they've been stuck there for years.
You said, 'I can't seem to get around it.'He said, 'Oh, no. I don't need you to get around it.
Just speak to it. The water will flow.'Flow, river, flow. Flow, river, flow.
Let all the nations wherever they go, and the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth, and the glory of the Lord shall fall.
Flow, river, flow. And it shall flow like a river, and it shall fall like the rain. It shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth when the Spirit of the Lord shall fall.
Flow, river, flow. Flow, river, flow. Flow out through the nations wherever man may go.
Cause life to spring forth. All men may know that you're the river of the Spirit.
Oh, flow, river, flow. I feel the Holy Ghost. Sing it again. And it shall fall like a river.
And it shall fall like the rain. It shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth when the Spirit of the Lord shall fall.
Flow, river, flow. Flow, river, flow. Flow out through the nations wherever man may go.
Man, I love that. Braden H. I don't know how the chorus goes on, listen.
Cause the Spirit forth that all men may know that you're the river of the Spirit.
Oh, flow, river, flow. Oh, Holy Spirit, become so real to them tonight.
Holy Spirit, become so real to me on another level of intimacy, to come up higher with the fire, to fly like the eagles.
And it shall flow like a river. And it shall fall like the rain. It shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth when the Spirit of the Lord shall fall.
Flow, river, flow. Flow, river, flow. Flow out through the nations wherever man may go.
I love that beat. It's good stuff. I feel Him. Bless them, Lord. Make them a blessing tonight.
Thank you, Lord, for the river that picks the things up that we need picked up and moves them out of their way.
For protection over our nation today. And we thank you, Lord, for President Trump and his family.
We thank you, Lord, that all voter fraud is uncovered and brought to justice in Jesus'name.
That it's too big to rig. That your angels are watching over this nation.
And it's the same with Australia, New Zealand, the Philippines, as they're picking the rubble up today from the earthquakes, from the volcanoes, as we see the signs of the times unfolding all around us.
We thank you, Lord. Flow, river, flow. Flow, river, flow. Everything that is holding you back is being broken right now.
I see these dark, looks like chains of iron, are breaking off of you.
There's dark chains of witchcraft and iron that are breaking off of you.
They look like black things that are falling off of your arms and your neck.
You are a slave to this. They were black chains that are falling off of you.
Some of it, you made covenants with the devil. You've made agreements with demons.
And the Lord is setting you free as you cry out for freedom tonight.
Flow, river, flow. Flow, river, flow. Flow out through the nations wherever man may go.
All through Hollywood, all throughout the land, a river is flowing.
A river is flowing. A river is flowing. No more agreements to the devil.
You say, 'I denounce this.'Denounce the things that I denounce.
I call a crop failure. Forgive me. You repent and move on. Oh God, I break contracts.
I break the contracts that I made even through blood. I break contracts.
I break agreements. I break these contracts with the blood of Jesus.
Assignments, assignments, occultic spells, incantations, chants, hexes, and vexes.
I break the assignments in Jesus'name. We break the power of that.
There's none. It's broken tonight in Jesus'name. All hexes and vexes, we take authority and it falls at our feet.
It will not bear fruit in the name of Jesus. That's what you say.
'I plead the blood of Jesus.'How do I plead this way? In the courtroom of heaven.
That's why we say, 'I plead the blood.'In the courtroom of heaven, how do you plead?
Do you plead guilty or innocent? I plead the blood. The blood speaks for me.
It's in the court. The devil is a very legalistic devil. You understand? He fights in the court.
Everything is by legalism and by law and by things that he tries to pull up.
He's the accuser of the brethren. Who's he accusing you to? To the Father in the courtroom.
He's accusing you. He's accusing you. 'See, they did this. They did that.'He's the big tattletale.
He's up there. The Lord already knows when you mess up, but he's accusing you.
Pointing fingers at it. 'They messed up.'He's up there. 'See, you got to judge them now.
They've opened a door for sin. You got to let me have them now. See, they messed up.
Sin opened the door.'But the blood speaks for me in the courtroom.
The blood at the mercy seat. The blood on the altar is what Jesus did for me.
All my sin. And no matter how much I mess up, I run to the Father if you sin.
You don't run from Him. 'Oh God, I pray for mercy. Forgive me, Lord.'Jesus'blood speaks for me.
And Satan is the accuser of the brethren. He's up there always at times saying, 'Look what they did.
Look what they did.'But the blood, I know it was the blood. Do you understand?
It's the blood. So that's what you're doing. You come underneath that blood.
Oh God, I thank you for the mercy seat. And it shall rise as the dew, the glory of the Lord will rise.
Flow, river, flow. Flow, river, flow. Flow, river, flow. Flow, river, flow.
Flow out through the nations wherever man may go. Thank you, Lord.
We break all those contracts and we put it under the blood. You put it under the blood. 'I don't belong to you.
I belong to Jesus, and I anoint my head with oil, and I have pleaded the blood of Jesus.'Say, 'Satan, you're defeated.
Satan, you're a liar.'Satan is a liar. Look at it. Play that one.
Satan is a liar when he tries to make you think that you're a pauper, that you're penniless.
When you know you're a child of the King. So lift up the mighty shield of faith, for the battle is already won.
You know that Jesus Christ is risen, and the work's already done.
Praise the Lord. He can work through those who praise him. Praise the Lord, for our God inhabits praise.
Give I flow. Oh, river, flow. Satan is a liar. He's a big fat liar.
Satan is a liar. I'm so thankful, Father, that he's a liar. Nothing he says is the truth concerning us.
Did you find it, son? That's fine. I'll sing that part. He can work through those who praise him. Praise the Lord, for our God inhabits praise.
Praise the Lord, for the chains that seem to bind you serve only to remind you that they'll drop powerless behind you when you praise him.
Praise him, when you praise him, when you praise, praise the Lord.
My voice cracked. Praise the Lord. He can work through those who praise him.
Praise the Lord, for our God inhabits praise. He can work through those who praise him.
Praise the Lord, for the chains that seem to bind you serve only to remind you that they'll drop powerless behind you when you praise him.
Praise him, when you praise him, when you praise him, when you praise, praise the Lord. I like that song, too.
Boy, I tell you what, who could sing that one really good was the guy that used to sing with Benny Hinn.
He was an old man, an elderly man. You know what I'm talking about?
I remember he used to sing that song. Boy, he could rip that one. Steve Brock, I believe, is his name.
Thank you, Lord, for every single one of the people tonight that are believing for your healing power over their lives.
We leave them tonight, Father, knowing that you are the God of miracles.
You're the God of miracles. You're the God, the healer. You're the God, the deliverer. And no weapon formed against them would prosper.
As they lay their head on the pillow, we thank you, Lord, that they sleep without insomnia.
They sleep without torment, that they're able to go to sleep tonight and they sleep sound, uninterrupted, and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force. We apply the blood of Jesus over them in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for the blessing of the Holy Spirit, that you flow all through their lives, flow through their bodies, you flow through them, Holy Spirit, and a merry heart doeth good like a medicine.
And we believe, Father, that tonight is the night for their breakthrough.
When you're up against a struggle that shatters all your dreams, and your hopes have been crushed by Satan's manifested schemes, and you feel the urge within you to submit to earthly fears, don't let the faith you're standing in seem to disappear.
Praise the Lord. He can work through those who praise him. Praise the Lord, for our God inhabits praise.
Praise the Lord, for the chains that seem to bind you serve only to remind you that they'll drop powerless behind you when you praise him.
Now, Satan is a liar. I like that one. When he makes you think that you're a pauper when you know in yourself you're a child of the king.
When you know in yourself that you're a child of the king and he tries to make you think you're a pauper. That's it, Braden.
When he's the accuser of the brethren, when in that courtroom he's up there going, 'They're not going to make it.'So lift up the mighty shield of faith, for the battle is already won.
We know that Jesus Christ has risen, and so his work is already done.
Praise the Lord. He can work through those who praise him. Praise the Lord, for our God inhabits praise.
Praise the Lord, for the chains that seem to bind you serve only to remind you that they'll drop powerless behind you when you praise him.
Praise him, when you praise him, when you praise, praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord. Isn't Jesus wonderful tonight? And I pray you were blessed.
I know it was late and I know we came on a lot later. I was waiting on a telephone call, but it will happen tomorrow.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you who spend time with me. I feel released.
I believe there's a lot of you that walk away free tonight with joy in your hearts.
So, thank you for joining me. Father, I pray a special blessing over them.
May you bless them. May you keep them. May your face shine upon them. Be gracious to them and give them peace tonight.
Lord, we thank you, Lord, for the supernatural flow of the Holy Ghost as we enter into our Tuesday.
And we're so thankful, Father, for you've given us another day on this earth that we can give you praise and glory.
We thank you, Lord, for this nation. Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done.
And we enter into this time frame, Father, with great thanksgiving. And we know that we look up, for our redemption draws nigh.
We give you praise and glory, Father, for all that you've done tonight so far.
And we thank you for the breakthroughs, that the water in the river lifts it up out of their way and it never returns again in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord. Amen and amen, everybody. I say thank you for joining me. Thank you.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, be a part of our YouTube channel if you're new here.
And we'll see you again tomorrow. We'll keep praying, keep lifting up the nations.
And so we're so thankful. God bless y'all. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we thank you. Have a wonderful night. Bye-bye.